{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A) The Hoser data are split into two workbooks. The first workbook (Hoser data - all_updated.xlsx) has two worksheets that will help\
you- one for algae/seagrass and one for invertebrates. These are the two worksheets at the end of the workbook labeled Algae/Eelgrass\
Only and Inverts Reformatted. Algae/eelgrass has the region, location (site), and sampleid, the species and weight, with notes. The\
inverts reformatted worksheet lists all species with abundance and biomass and also sums by functional group across the sites in the\
region. There is another workbook titled "Hoser data measured and removed". These are data that we collected under water at the\
sites. If there were larger individuals of species that we could id under water, we measured and recorded them. We also measured\
percent cover of coralline algae, encrusting red algae, and Dodecaceria. This should be self-explanatory.\
\
B) The Quadrat data workbook is "Quadrat Data 2009_29Sept2011.xlsx". These are the data on invertebrates and algae that we collected\
in 1m x 1m quadrats. The relevant worksheets are the Spp lsit and groups, but this doesn't give you any information by site/region.\
The "quad data" worksheet is each region, location, and site with each species and the size, number, biomass or percent cover listed.\
This should be straightforward to pull from. There are also some fish recorded in the quadrats. These are the raw data that the rest\
of the worksheets/summaries pull from.\
\
C) The Transect data workbook is "Transect data_2009_14Sept2011.xlsx". These are the data on invertebrates and algae that we\
collected in 30x 2m transects. The relevant worksheets are the Spp list and groups and Swath Transects worksheets. This should be\
similar format to the "quad data" worksheet, with region, location,site, species, number, and biomass. These are the raw data that\
the rest of the worksheets pull from.\
\
D) Fish transect data workbook is "Fish Data and Biomass Conversion_18Nov09.xlsx." The relevant worksheets is the fish data\
worksheet. THis has all of the regions, sites, transects, fish species, densities per size categories, and estimated biomass. These\
are also the raw data we pull from for all of the other worksheets/analyses.\
\
Sorry to just dump it all on you but it should be fairly easy to pull out a species list per site/location/region from these. Note\
that the Transect, Quadrat, and Fish data include sites from Clayquot Sound, as well as Barkley/Kyuquot Sounds.\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 quads: didn\'92t count all species. if species was found in one quadrat, it\'92s absence from another quadrat means it was zero.\
\
use quadrats for kelp, small crabs, grazers, predatory snails, limpets, sponges/sessile\
use transects for sea stars, anemones, urchins, fish\
fish transects are best for fish\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}